Pre-Ceremony
============
- Ensure I have the rings.
- Everyone finds their way to their seats.
- I will be at the front.
- Music starts. Andy helps his parents to their seats (Grandparents?)
- Andy comes to the front.

Ceremony
========
- (Change in music?)
- Harper comes (or is coaxed) down the aisle. (Maybe Andy brings Harper down the aisle?)
- Harper joins Andy's parents.
- Attendees are asked to stand, if not already standing.
- Kristen comes down the aisle with her parents.
- At the front row, Kristen pauses.
- Community's declaration of consent.

- Kristen joins Andy at the front.
- Welcome Message
	> **TODO**
- Wedding Vows

	- **Sample #1**
	
		*To Andy*
		
			Do you Andrew promise to love Kristen freely - without restrictions; honestly - without deceit; now - without hesitation?
			"I do."
			Do you promise to accept her just as she is, sharing with her and supporting her through the experiences of your lives, be they easy or difficult, happy or sad, challenging or mundane, till death do you part?
			"I do."
        
		*To Kristen*

	        Do you Kristen promise to love Andrew freely - without restrictions; honestly - without deceit; now - without hesitation?
	        "I do."
	        Do you promise to accept him just as he is, sharing with him and supporting him through the experiences of your lives, be they easy or difficult, happy or sad, challenging or mundane, till death do you part?
	        "I do."

	- **Sample #2**
	
		*To Andy*
	
	
	        From this day onward, do you choose Kristen to be your wife, your best friend and your only love?
	        To live together, play together and laugh together;
	        To work by her side and dream in her arms;
	        To fill her heart and feed her soul;
	        To always seek out the best in her;
	        Always loving her with all your heart, until the end of your forever?
	        If so, say, "I do!"

		*To Kristen*
	
	
	        From this day onward, do you choose Andrew to be your husband, your best friend and your only love?
	        To live together, play together and laugh together;
	        To work by his side and dream in his arms;
	        To fill his heart and feed his soul;
	        To always seek out the best in him;
	        Always loving him with all your heart, until the end of your forever?
	        If so, say, "I do!"	        

	- **Sample #3**

		Something about capturing this moment, or previous moments, and striving to meet or exceed it.
	


- Exchange of the Rings

	- **Sample #1**
	
		*Andy*
		
			"I, Andrew, give you, Kristen, this ring as an eternal symbol of my love and commitment to you."
		*Kristen*
		
			"I, Kristen, give you, Andrew, this ring as an eternal symbol of my love and commitment to you."

	- **TODO:** Add more examples
	
- Lantern Lighting (or something similar)
- Declaration of Marriage
"By the power vested in my by the State of West Virginia, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may now get to the kissin'."
"It is my great honor to present to you, Andrew and Kristen Matheny."

Post-Ceremony
=============
- "The couple will now be busy for a short while. Please find your way through the boat to the reception, where drinks and appetizers will be served."

Potential Readings
==================
***Song of the Open Road*** Walt Whitman
-------------------------------------
        Allons! the road is before us!
        It is safe-I have tried it-my own feet have tried it well.	 

        Allons! be not detain'd!	 
        Let the paper remain on the desk unwritten, and the book on the shelf unopen'd!	 
        Let the tools remain in the workshop! let the money remain unearn'd!	 
        Let the school stand! mind not the cry of the teacher!
        Let the preacher preach in his pulpit! let the lawyer plead in the court, and the judge expound the law.	 

        Mon enfant! I give you my hand!	 
        I give you my love, more precious than money,	 
        I give you myself, before preaching or law;	 
        Will you give me yourself? will you come travel with me?
        Shall we stick by each other as long as we live?

***The Book of Love*** The Magnetic Fields
---------------------------------------
        The book of love is long and boring
        No one can lift the damn thing
        It's full of charts and facts and figures
        and instructions for dancing

        But I, I love it when you read to me
        And you, you can read me anything

        The book of love has music in it
        In fact that's where music comes from
        Some of it is just transcendental
        Some of it is just really dumb

        But I, I love it when you sing to me
        And you you can sing me anything

        The book of love is long and boring
        And written very long ago
        It's full of flowers and heart-shaped boxes
        And things we're all too young to know

        But I, I love it when you give me things
        And you, you ought to give me wedding rings

        I, I love it when you give me things
        And you, you ought to give me wedding rings
        
***Wedding Song*** Bob Dylan
---------------------------------------
		I love you more than ever, more than time and more than love
		I love you more than money and more than the stars above
		I love you more than madness, more than waves upon the sea
		I love you more than life itself, you mean that much to me.
		
		Ever since you walked right in the circle's been complete
		I've said goodbye to haunted rooms and faces in the street
		In the courtyard of the jester which is hidden from the sun
		I love you more than ever and I haven't yet begun.
		
		You breathed on me and made my life a richer one to live
		When I was deep in powerty you taught me how to give
		Dried the tears up from my dreams and pulled me from the hole
		I love you more than ever and it binds me to this all.
		
		You gave me babies, one, two, three, what is more, you saved my life
		Eye for eye and tooth for tooth, your love cuts like a knife
		My thoughts of you don't ever rest, they'd kill me if I lie
		But I'd sacrifice the world for you and watch my senses die.
		
		The tune that is yours and mine to play upon this earth
		We'll play it out the best we know, whatever it is worth
		What's lost is lost, we can't regain what went down in the flood
		But happiness to me is you and I love you more than blood.
		
		It's never been my duty to remake the world at large
		Nor is it my intention to sound a battle charge
		'Cause I love you more than all of that with a love that doesn't bend
		And if there is eternity I'd love you there again.
		
		Oh, can't you see that you were born to stand by my side
		And I was born to be with you, you were born to be my bride
		You're the other half of what I am, you're the missing piece
		And I love you more than ever with that love that doesn't cease.
		
		You turn the tide on me each day and teach my eyes to see
		Just being next to you is a natural thing for me
		And I could never let you go, no matter what goes on
		'Cause I love you more than ever now that the past is gone.

